I was study system techique.
I am actually software development technology.
once finished I want to homologate the title of engineer.


answer in a job interview for the position of software programmer.
1.Tell us about yourself 
2.What motivates you? 
3.What are your hobbies? 
4.What are your future plans if you get this job? 
5. What are your future goals or what are your career goals? 
6. What do you see as a major success in your life? 
7. Why did you leave your last job? 
8. Where do you see yourself in 5 years? 

---respuestas
Sure, I'm a software programmer with a passion for problem-solving and creating innovative solutions. I have a degree in computer science and have been working in the industry for several years. I'm always eager to learn and stay up-to-date with the latest technologies and trends.

As a software programmer, what motivates me is the challenge of creating something new, innovative and impactful. I enjoy finding solutions to complex problems, improving existing code, and working collaboratively with my team to achieve our goals.

In my free time, I enjoy a variety of hobbies, including hiking, reading, and learning new skills such as photography and cooking. I also enjoy participating in online communities related to programming and technology.

If I were to get this job, my future plans would be to contribute to the team's success by bringing my skills and experience to the table. I would work hard to learn the company's processes, contribute to improving existing code, and work collaboratively with my colleagues to achieve our goals.

My future goals include becoming an expert in my field and working on complex and challenging projects. I would also like to mentor junior developers and contribute to the development community by sharing my knowledge and experiences.

One major success in my life was when I developed a mobile inventory app at the company where I worked and with this I got the job.

I left my last job because I was looking for a new challenge and an opportunity to work with a team that shares my passion for programming and innovation.

In five years, I see myself as a senior software developer with a strong track record of success in the industry. I would like to continue to learn and grow as a professional, take on more leadership responsibilities, and contribute to the growth and success of the company.








